Changed tags with properties and added exception on uid creation (#76)
meilisearch/documentation: main_concepts/indexes.md

To determine the identifier, an attribute that contains the case insensitive string `id` is expected. Thus, `_id`, `myId`, for example, are correct keys.

This field will receieve the [identifier](/main_concepts/indexes.md#identifier) property, so it should contain the unique identifier of a document.

::: warning
If the `identifier` field is missing, the inference will not be completed, and the **documents will not be added**.
:::

Every other field will have the `indexed` and `displayed` properties.

::: tip

> By default, the Meili dashboard infers the schema from the **first** document sent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, MeiliSearch infers the schema from the **first** document sent.
```
